oh my Chinese like cramping these were
like I'm sale for a dollar a deed at
Kroger's last night I had to get some
please vote good it's really hot in here
like really sweaty I'm glad you guys
can't smell me because I kind of smell
like a giant I'm hit just what you
wanted to know hey I got a new chair my
mom got it for me from a birthday but
anyways this is a 1-up box unboxing
video sorry it is like so late in the
month I totally got why what is
happening I just saw the hair where'd it
go where'd it go sorry it is delayed in
two months I actually got it long time
and I was gonna rush the day that I got
it and I put it up on the shelf to keep
it safe and then I kind of forgot about
it I've been super busy this month and
then I was like oh my lord I forgot I
wanna box so it's time it's late but
it's still kind o the t-shirt first is
always and it says fight fight
revolution oh my god that's so cute like
Disney's Revolution which was by the way
one of my favorite games
I was a pulse fish attacking not even
gonna lie I was so good at it I played
it religiously now I'm that way with
just dance like dance games are my thing
I take them little too seriously I like
the way this one fits this is nice okay
okay this is weak I'm digging this one
it's like super I don't know what kind
of material or like if it cotton but I
don't know how to explain I like it
oh oh okay i'ma read a little thingy to
find out what this is oh okay that's a
pretty cool little paper and let's
probably my favorite little paper that
I've had a box to Proctor what is
happening
street fighter self-employed but but it
sends a little block I usually don't
open these but I'm gonna open it because
I'm gonna fix his head
it's like sideways and it loves these
are some of the other ones you can get
this is the ones I got moving on this is
super cool
and it is a Marvel Comics zipper pull
and it is like a minute who happens to
be one of my very favorite superheroes I
love him probably gonna put this on my
keychain instead of a zipper because I 3
to 3 clothes I'm digging this I bet it
would almost fit well no that wouldn't
put it in my ear
let's see oh okay well right now it's
gonna be an earring I'll just I'll just
leave that there
okay moving on Oh oh my gosh okay
there's something in this box that I
just saw and it's just amazing - oh it's
just oh my god why don't you so much
knows why I drew this I love a little
bit container thingies if they sell
these in like all different shapes and
everything they're like cute little
package and then on the inside and hands
that usually don't taste that good but
the little boxes are what you get them
or not the candy in
wait I collect them I have like a whole
bunch of hook anyone and now I have a
super adorable pac-man one and this is
bad ass I love this and you can't really
see how detailed this is because my
camera is a piece of poop but it goes
like all the way back in there and like
it shows the layout and everything and
oh my god this is really cool and my
other kid I use my teeth okay nevermind
nothing to eat the candy because this is
cabbie proof if you're a cabbie you
probably won't be as open because I
can't open them so yep right there it
says cabbie proof no candy for you the
pin for this month is a little
controller that's super cute it says
line up Ock June 2015
arcade I like it I starting to get such
a good little collection of these little
buttons that I was gonna put on a pillow
of visually the next thing is this
magnet and it says arcade and it has a
little eight minutes I love magnets like
oh my god no with this decal it's not a
magnet what am I gonna do with this this
is too much this is too much I don't
know I don't know what to do I'm gonna
put it back in the box right now and I
will decide its fate later a lanyard Hey
and this lanyard says a game over with
little will pick for guys like me and me
and it's one of the ones that do this I
swear what a box was to make sure
everyone has awesome keychains they are
always adding like really cool keychains
and now they have a lanyard they're like
trying to make sure everyone stays on
point with their keychains and that was
actually everything in this month's wall
actually last month I'm so far behind
this box was super awesome as they
always are I'm really happy with this
and plugging my little earring here and
especially this t-shirt like if you
enjoy stuff like this that I got in this
box definitely check it out they're
super affordable especially for
everything you get here like Facebook
you get starting to stick to everything
right now put back in there but
seriously like these alone are like
almost five bucks like they're crazy
expensive so the value in this box could
get a custom t-shirt you always get
something else exclusive just in the box
each month you get unique fun stuff and
I just I love it
he's one of my favorite subscriptions
that I get it sounds a little actually
the only one I do right now but it's my
favorite click on the link below to get
your own one that box it gives me
brownie points too when these by
referral link so help assist out I love
you guys thank you for watching and
definitely check out one of box if you
enjoy really awesome stuff like these